How to Upload Code
1. connect to the wifi network
2. go to android studio network tab (Wifi Symbol -->)
3. Click connect to control hub if option is there otherwise add device with ip: 192.168.43.1:5555
4. press the play symbol or the arrow circle to send code to robot

In Android Studio wont connect to control hub
1. reboot robot

Android Studio Keeps Failing to send code
1. Grab Wire and plug robot in to computer using the usb c cord on the control hub

Gradle error
1. Restart Android Studio

Driver Station Wont Connect to Robot -_-
On Driver Station
1. Go to the Options or Setting whatever its called
2. Once in setting click the first option which should be something along the lines of wifi settings or something
3. There will prob be red text that says no wifi network if you are in the correct tab
4. click the grey button below it

You can prob just skip to here idk

5. you should be in the android wifi settings now
6. Connect to 3558-RC Password: firebots or FireBots

Limelight Data Not Being Sent To RC
1. Unplug and Replug Limelight in
2. if this doesn't work idk

Bad Battery
1. Check switch connection
2. Check Fuse
3. Check connection between control hub and expansion hub

Bad Battery is any of these situations
1. robot randomly stops moving during auto
2. robot moving unreasonably slow
3. error warning on driver stations


if you have any of these issues and the solutions that i have listed do not work
may God help you or in this situation Mr Kannel
God = Kannel

SERVO CONTROLLER
the reason a servo controller exists is because the rev servos
do not have hard limits set for 180 degree motion like other 180
degree servos because they are able to change to continues
when you program the servo you set these "hard limits" and are
able to move to them so that when you install the servo into the horns
the servo is at its hard limits and not in the middle of it

using a servo controller is as simple as spamming the buttons
in random order until your able to press left or right and the servo moves
